Adding instruction for Containerized Ecosystems (#12626)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/faq/log4j_mitigation.md

`Jmxfetch.jar` is included in the AIX agent install bundle, but there is no code in the AIX agent that runs the `jmxfetch` code. If you are not manually starting the `jmxfetch` process, the `jmxfetch.jar` is not used and can be deleted from `/opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/dist/jmx/jmxfetch.jar`.

> ### Containerized Ecosystems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Containerized ecosystems
```

> If you are running the Datadog Agent as a container (i.e. in Kubernetes, Nomad or vaniall Docker) and use the JMX version (image name ends in `-jmx`), to remove the JndiLookup.class, you will need to build a custom image of the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running the Datadog Agent as a container (for example, in Kubernetes, Nomad or vaniall Docker), and use the JMX version (image name ends in `-jmx`), to remove the JndiLookup.class, build a custom image of the Datadog Agent to mitigate the risk.
```

> You can use the following Dockerfile to build the image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following Dockerfile to build the image:
```

```

> FROM gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:7.X.Y-jmx

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest we use an arg for this:

```
ARG AGENT_VERSION=7.32.2

FROM gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:$AGENT_VERSION-jmx
```

and we can then build this like so:

```bash
docker build -t <Your_Container_Registry>/agent:7.28.2-jmx --build-arg AGENT_VERSION=7.28.2
```

RUN apt update && apt install zip -y

RUN zip -q -d /opt/datadog-agent/bin/agent/dist/jmx/jmxfetch.jar org/apache/logging/log4j/core/lookup/JndiLookup.class

RUN apt purge zip -y
```

> Note that you will need to replace X and Y in the tag name.

Reviewer 2: If you use my proposed argument-based workflow, you could probable axe this entire paragraph.

Do give a test to my proposal to double-check if it actually works 😅 (it should).

Author: great suggestiong

> Note that you will need to replace X and Y in the tag name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Replace X and Y in the tag name.
```

> e.g. If your environment is running `7.21.1-jmx` update the Dockerfile to pull:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your environment is running `7.21.1-jmx` update the Dockerfile to pull:
```

```
FROM gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:7.21.1-jmx
```

> Then you will need to build, tag with a new version, push the custom image to your Container Registry and use that image in your clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then build, tag with a new version, push the custom image to your Container Registry, and use that image in your clusters.
```

> e.g. with the above example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, by using this with the above example:
```

```
docker build -t <Your_Container_Registry>/agent:7.21.2-jmx .
docker push <Your_Container_Registry>/agent:7.21.2-jmx
```

> NB: This will only work for Linux and will use the architecture of the machine building the image. Should you need to support multiple architectures, you will need dedicated machines or tools such as `Docker buildx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This only works for Linux and uses the architecture of the machine building the image. Should you need to support multiple architectures, you need dedicated machines or tools such as `Docker buildx`.
```
